# Fortnite Armory
A bot that returns fortnite weapon statistics based on input from Discord users.  Written in TypeScript.

* bot.ts is the bot itself.  taken some code from https://github.com/MyMICDS/MyMICDS-Discord-Bot.

* ignore ./src/commands/* --> this was left in as a reference in case I should need to make any more commands.

* ./src/web-crawlers/all/web-crawler-all.ts creates the json in ./database/weapons/all/*, this is a json representation of the information
* at https://db.fortnitetracker.com/weapons (Table View)

* ./src/web-crawlers/all/web-crawler-one.ts creates the json in ./database/weapons/one/*, this is a json representation of the information
* at https://db.fortnitetracker.com/weapons/<weapon name>.  There is some information injected from the **all** json

UPDATE (7/25/2018): Added windows bash scripts to automate some processes:
- **environment.bat**: installs all the node dependencies (global and local) that you will require to run the webcrawlers/bot.
- **webcrawlers.bat**: runs the ALL then ONE weapon webcrawlers that generate JSONs in the ./database/weapons/* folder.
- **bot.bat**: runs the bot indefinitely (requires a secret key for your bot under the Discord Developer portal).
- **armory.bat**: runs the above three scripts in listed sequence.

Bugs:
- ~~some jsons generated by web-crawler-one.js are offset for some reason (they are the stats for other weapons)~~ [FIXED!]
- ~~not all incorrect command syntax are covered by try-catch blocks, need this to prevent crashes~~ [FIXED!]
- ~~help message can be formatted better (also triggers incorrect syntax message)~~ [FIXED!]
- ~~lootProbability needs some work, as there are nested json in the values for these~~ [Not In Use]
